what's up guys do chris here and welcome
to the uplink tutorial the remake of
summit from black ops 1 i'll be going
over this with the help of my girlfriend
bang bella we got a lot of cool things
to show you guys a lot of stuff that you
may already know if you're you know if
you were but back on black ops 1 playing
summit but trying to mix it up so here
we go first blood to a you're going to
come over here in between the gate and
the statue with your ballistic knife
looking straight up this here you want
to be really quick it doesn't take them
too long to god spawn so you can
probably catch one or two I doubt you'll
get like a quad feet or anything like
that but still a nice little first play
with the ballistic knife there to a so
here we go over to Seaside Rathbone
you're gonna see this great on the floor
on the bottom right there's a little
plant grow now the great kind of by
itself that's we're going to be looking
straight up towards see flag through
your combat axe and you're gonna notice
it'll bounce short and then go a little
long so it covers a little bit more area
so a nice little first blood they're
moving on the shot spots if you come in
the garage here at a spawn you got think
there's a hard point around here and
some other stuff just not a bad location
to kind of cover out those three little
windows there and behind these boxes you
can get down drop down this corner
crouch down cover the back side over
here by see the stairs the back left
side here there's some crates right here
you can jump up on if you straight to
your right you can watch the main
doorway anybody come out of that crate
and also that right side by sea to get a
little alternate entrance on here next
to see same thing as summit you can also
use those barrels up to that little
divider and grab the rail just like you
could back in black ops 1 here you can
use this to look through these little
cracks see people coming through or you
can just use it as an alternate entrance
if you didn't want to use the stairs in
between the pole and the barrels here
prone doubt in the grass it's not a
little bad spot and then right here if
you go in between this puddle and the
red door and you're prone out you can
actually save be flag so you know if you
went for a first blow with the ballistic
knives or whatever and you want to come
up and try and get a get a sim tech
zombie as long as going to have a flak
jacket that'll drop them off be almost
anywhere they're at so right here on top
of this desk it's nice little place to
watch that main doorway anywhere around
these stairs is really good and behind
the computer you can climb up on top of
it you can shoot those little
a little windows or railing spindles
whatever you want to call them just
little shot spots everywhere in here any
place you can find some cover behind
these boxes to watch any of these ins
and outs are really nice now on summit
use to be able to cap on the backside
which I really liked but they took that
out now you have to be on the inside but
you can still prone out on the top if
you want a cab be but just kind of
remember that you can't cap it on the
backside like you used to be able to so
if you use the computers to get up on
the railing you can get up here just
again just like you could in black ops 1
but it just makes a nice little spot
here you can actually see the the back
spawn point if you get them trap back
here day and you can use it to watch the
back side and I don't know demo search
or you know whatever nice little pocket
back here for surge a little spot right
there on the left is nice for tech
insert domination if you're trying to
push for be flag this is alternate
entrance from the top of the computers
to this window room so you can come up
here breast out that window you can jump
on top of this box and look right in
between the barrels nice little shot
spot to cover that and if you look to
your right you can see right down that
right side towards a feat in the a spawn
trap so again lots of little boxes and
stuff in here when you're backed by a
you get on top of this scaffolding and
you can either prone out you know make
for a nice little spot to cap a or you
can use the windows up top for little
jump shots into any of the spawn points
you used to be able to a black ops 1 be
able to jump out this window and hit
them on the top of the stairs but they
seem like if they've moved the window
over so you can't do that anymore they
have to be on the stairs you got the
little gondola out there you can jump on
to again same thing back here boxes
galore you can climb on and this little
window here is not bulletproof you can
shoot through it so keep that in mind if
you ever want to kind of you know get
them into a spawn trap last but not
least is the Search and Destroy
challenge you guys know how this works
for the first person hit this on the
right gay make sure you send me a
message via YouTube with a link to your
video so i can like favorites and this
time I'm actually do something different
real quick your this is we're going to
want to plan it right here just off the
bomb just to where it says hold X to
plant but this time instead of doing
69er microsoft points or something like
that I want
dual comm with whoever hits this first
and I mean that could be you know an MRE
or a regular Khan just whatever but
that's what I want to do for whoever hit
this first you're gonna have a DSR
attachments doesn't matter as long as
you're on the laser you want your bottom
crosshair just up off of that little
corner just like you see here in the
replay standing up with yourself wedge
in the corner figure Kombat X and it's
going to be a double Bank off the
there's like a a three-part cross on
those i-beams so it's going to bounce
off that off the wall roll along the guy
so anyway good luck with the SMD
challenge I hope you guys enjoyed the
tutorial that's it reduces